[Music]
Hello how are you my hearts I hope you're
enjoying the afternoon how are you
I'm delighted to be here another day
with you Well I hope you
enjoyed the weekend I haven't been
able to spend much time with you last night
we did a live show But hey you know
I'm doing things my way these days a little bit
a little chill because it
's yellow and Well the truth is
I'd like to do things as I feel
like it and reorganize a little bit
and we'll get back to the schedules
the sections the programs and all
this stuff don't worry you've got
gossip for a while and the gossip never
stops this time I wanted to
tell you about some news about the
statements that Fidel has made
Regarding the rumors that have
been circulating lately
involving his name alongside Danabel
Dueña And the thing is that there have really been
many videos released on the subject
many tweets have been released many headlines
many people are talking but none of this is
true of course no I've been
saying it from the very beginning before
continuing with the video and telling you
all the details  I'm going to ask you
all please, as it could not be
otherwise and as always I remind you to
subscribe there is a button next to the
name of the Channel that says subscribe
okay it's free you click it you are subscribed and
all the videos that I upload always appear there in your Youtube tab
I have other channels but since I know that
you like gossip Conchi Well
click this subscribe and don't miss
anything that I'm uploading okay sweetheart
Well let's see you know that for I do
n't know If it has been a week months
rumors began to spread through the networks like wildfire that Rocío had
kicked Fidel out of the house that they had
separated and that Fidel had
gone off with Anabel Dueñas and when we talked about the fact
that they had left they were talking about something
else okay I've even seen people who
said that well they had an
infiltrator In half I know
that they were together I don't know what fables
okay fables and fantasies I
told you from the first moment let's see there were
things  There were, let's see, the rumors
are there, the rumors are there because
when people are talking, the
rumors are there, but we didn't have
any indications, I mean, this whole thing about
Fidel with Anabel, because
Anabel lives with them, because
the three of them always go together, that has always been there
because there are people who are very
old-fashioned and don't know how to recognize that a
man can make friends with a woman,
which I don't do for almost a thousand things. And above all,
many times what happens here is
the feeling that you rejoice in the misfortune of
others. And that there is hatred against
Rocío Carrasco, and there are many people who
cannot stand Rocío Carrasco, so it's like
they would like in some way for that
news to be real, and it's like, for
example, no, I am a very critical channel
with the Rocío Carrasco movement with its
stories. But I wouldn't be happy if
anything bad happened to her, so I care, so does that
change in my life? Well,
there are people who really take it
personally, they start defending all of
Rocío Carrasco's detractors. For
example, personally, I don't believe in
Rocío Carrasco, in that case I support
Antonio more.  David and the Flores family to
Olga Rocío Flores but I for example it
never occurs to me that she will defend
Amador Mohedano, I mean not even close okay Well
there are people who hate Rocío
Carrasco so much so they
applaud Amador again to allow Amador
all kinds of vulgarities and
issues no and make him like a saint and it's
like it will have to do with it I mean What a
childish attitude no and I said it let's
see the fact that there are rumors
because there are people at Telecinco who are
realizing that Fidel is not
accompanying her every day to work
okay that Anabel is not posting things
on social networks well I had to say it okay Yes it is
also true I mean it is
also a coincidence no but man
from there to give as much as there is a
relationship well it would seem crazy to me I
always played a little with the
titles and this is something that must be
recognized it is
a little sad that you have to walk
like this many times not because you would like to
be a little whiter lighter And such
But yes it is true that we are
obliged both in the
media  of written press as in the
middle of Youtube to play a little with
the titles as long as they are not lies
or defamatory okay for example
what titles did I put
Fidel Albiac on a trip caught on a trip
with Anabel dueña outside of Madrid Yeah like Yeah of course I mean they
were on a trip
they were in Plasencia I think it was no I mean
the title is not false I'm not
saying anything bad I'm not saying
anything defamatory Yes yes they are both on
trips they are asked for a mirror they are on a
work trip but on a trip okay I
'm not saying anything I said it from the
first moment I mean no I don't mean they did
n't believe the rumors and
of course there was no
relationship there I mean they've been together for so many
years now for them to suddenly
break up and he's even going to go off with his
friend I mean it was a bit childish and
the movie was a bit of a fable No but one thing is to
play with the titles and another thing is to
affirm things If I tell you the truth and
being totally sincere even
defending colleagues with whom I don't have a
good relationship I have reviewed videos
of all the people who have more or less
released videos with headlines and so on
and I have  that I consider that there is nothing
demandable Let's see demandable you can
demand whatever you want but that
is condemnable in my opinion there is none
because I do not consider it or insinuations
because there is no one who is taking
anything for granted if anything Maybe some
guest of one of the colleagues
but I see it very light I see it very very
stupid okay But as such to affirm what is
being said what I say about Arrabal
I personally I have only
seen it in a tweet from a youtuber okay to
a colleague I am not going to say her name
so as not to attack her but only from a
colleague who also posted the tweet
after Diego Arrabal announced
the lawsuit meaning she doesn't
care about saying any nonsense if it
costs her a lawsuit or whatever because she
prefers to draw attention but in
YouTube videos at least in the ones I
have reviewed and they have been to several
colleagues there was one who did put
some nonsense but he deleted them but of
the YouTube videos that are
published Now I have not
seen anyone sign something for granted on the
contrary giving the news is played with
the headline because today  in day to
eat You have to do it like this okay
unfortunately
breaking news
suspicious rumors are circulating on social media it
's not a lie rumors are circulating that are
false something else caught on trips
caught on trips and nothing happens you
know what I mean But also nobody Claims as
Diego Arrabal says not an infidelity the
rumor on social media from the people on Twitter
was that they had broken up and that he had something
going on with Anabel that's not an
infidelity okay I don't know I don't see it as
serious but anyway Well I
wanted to tell you about the situation and that is that
Fidel Well he continues to maintain that he is in
something really hard Well of
course as he always does he is going to take
legal action and I don't doubt it eh
Because I have said it many times
we are talking about people who have
sued everything they have seen that they
had the slightest opportunity when
we talk about things 100% I mean I have
seen channels that affirm some things I have
seen channels that even affirm that
Fidel and Rocío have taken drugs man I
mean how can you say such a stupid thing like
before so Pancho on your
YouTube channel not with thousands and thousands of
viewers and I am completely
sure that the lawsuits
and things will reach them because not because I
want it because the truth is I would not like it
but they are a married couple who have
dedicated their entire lives to suing for everything that is
demandable How are
they not going to sue for something that has a long way to go that it would no but well family simply clarify that I Of course I have not believed the rumor from the first moment In the same way we would not find out it would be the typical news that they would not give on Telecinco it makes me laugh a lot on Telecinco that they
answered this because in fact in
last week's gala they answered
this Hey there are rumors on YouTube
no that they are saying on YouTube that you
have broken up and I don't know what but
nevertheless not a word that they have filed the
complaint that was filed against Olga Moreno for
revealing a secret and all the
news that goes that does not interest them they do
not find out about that they find out what we
say on YouTube but that you
want the file now Olga Moreno nimú
Anyway family I send you a huge hug
and I'll see you in the next video
[Music]